OK.
So we have the home page done.
Now we want to move on to the about which is completely empty right now if I click on it it's just a
blank page.
So what I'll do is copy what we have in the index because we're gonna be reusing some of this stuff
like the nav bar in the footer and also some of the head the stuff in the head.
So I'm just going to copy it all I'm going to just control a to select it all and then copy it and control
C and let's go into about h t email and paste it in and start at the top here.
Now if you want to leave the same meta tags description keywords you can do that.
We don't need this this link to the font.
Awesome because we're not using any icons on this page so we can completely get rid of that.
We want to keep the reference to our style CSX because that's where all of our customers styling goes
for the title I'm going to change the Welcome to about and then we have our header which had initially
has the nav bar and the showcase but we're not going to be using the showcase so let's get rid of this
whole div with the idea of showcase and everything in it.
So now the header only has the NAV and we want to move the current class off of the home link or link
because we want that to go on to the about whatever the current pages is what we want highlighted and
then we can get rid of everything else up to the footer.
We just want to keep the footer so let's save that.
And now if we click on a boat we just have our header and footer.
So this is basically like the start for any page that we create on this Web site.
And when you start to get into like let's say BHP or some javascript framework stuff like that you don't
have to reuse reuse your aged him.
I like this you'll be able to like import files and stuff but that's that's later on that's after you
learn HCM islands.
Yes.
So let's go ahead and create this.
Where is it.
Right here.
We want it.
We have basically two sections on the about page.
It's gonna be the about info section.
This is gonna be the testimonial section.
So right under header I'm going to put in a section tag and I'm gonna give it an idea of about Dash
info and inside here we want a container because we want all the content to be contained and we'll have
info left and in full right.
So info left class.
And under that let's do info right.
Class.
So info left is gonna have a heading in each one and we're gonna do about hotel B T.
And I'm gonna wrap the text about in the the text primary class inside of a span because I wanted what
I wanted to have that that tan color.
So it's a class text primary and we want that span to just wrap around the about word like that.
And then underneath the H one let's put a paragraph and let's do say Lorem do alarm 30 and then let's
do one more paragraph and let's do Lorem 20 like that.
So that's the left side.
Now on the right we're just going to have an image.
So let's put an image tag in the source is gonna be dot slash because we're looking in the current directory
and then we want to go into the image directory and we actually want photo to dot j peg.
And for the all.
I'll just put in the word hotel so let's save that see what we get.
So we have the heading we have the paragraph this is in.
This is info left and then info right.
We just have the image in here which is the full size image as you can see you can scroll way way over
it's actually a really large image.
So let's add our CSX to get this looking better.
OK.
So we'll go to our style sheet and go all the way down.
So put in a comment.
Actually no let's leave the footer at the bottom I always like to keep the styling of the footer at
the bottom but let's put a comment here and say about info we have our ideas about Dash info and let's
see for boat info actually you know what.
I don't think we have any specific style for that part just just that particular div what I do want
to do
is I want to add a big class one of our utilities I want these BGP light so in addition to the idea
of about info let's add a class of BGP light and save and as you can see it's very faint but it is grey
it's not white.
OK.
And then for the info right let's style that.
So about info and then there's a class of info right.
And we want to float to the right and we want to set the width to half 50 percent and just going to
set a min height of 100 percent and let's see for the image.
OK.
This and this in this image is in line.
It's not a background image.
And by default it'll break out of its container.
So usually with images you want to set the width to 100 percent because what it does is it contains
it 100 percent of its container which in this case is in full right.
So when to copy this right here.
I'm going to copy that.
And we want to say image you want to target the AMG tag and then we want to set the width of the image.
Actually you know what I'm going to do 70 percent.
So we'll say with 70 percent.
And we also want to display it as a block.
And if you remember back in the section where we talked about the display block display inline I showed
you an example of an image and I wanted to align it in the middle but we couldn't do margin Auto on
the image because an image by default is displayed in line.
So that's why I'm going to display this block because I want to set the margin to auto.
All right.
Let's save that.
Good.
Now we want to take this which is in info left and we want to float it to the left.
So let's let's go right here and we'll say about Dash info the class info dash left and flow to the
left we'll set the width to 50 percent and the men height to 100 percent and save.
And there it goes.
Now we have that floated to the left.
Now we need some spacing here right.
Because it's right up against the header it's right up against the footer.
So a lot of times what I'll do is I'll add a utility class for padding and sometimes for margin.
So I'm going to go to my stop my utilities up here utility classes that we've been creating and let's
create one for padding.
So we'll see padding.
We'll just say padding and let's do some p y padding and what I mean by p y want to do.
Make this a class what I mean by P Y is the y axis.
So padding for the top and bottom.
And let's do P Y 1 and we'll make that padding on the top and bottom 10 pixels.
OK.
We could even since this is only going to be one property we could go like that and copy it down and
then we'll do p y two even if we're not using them right now we could have them available for the future
if we were going to add more pages so let's say 20 pixels 30 pixels.
OK so we have these different padding classes now.
I'm going to save it and I'm gonna go and add one to the about info.
OK so right here about info in addition to be light let's do padding y dash 3 which should be 30 pixels
on the top and bottom.
Let's save.
And there we go.
Now we have some spacing here and then whenever we have a section where we want to add some padding
to the top and bottom we can simply put in one of these utility classes.
So this is this stuff is is it's not mandatory.
I mean we could put up put padding on the about info but I think it's much cleaner to do it this way
because you have these classes that are available to you whenever whenever you want as opposed to just
having you know senseless padding in and background colors for every single element.
You just have these classes you can add kind of like a framework.
OK.
So let's move on here.
What else did I want to do.
I think that's all we want to make the image circle.
Ok well we want to add a radius to the image so to do that we just need to go back to our CSX and go
down to where we have our image which is we've written credit quite a bit of CSX already.
So right here this is this I am G tag we just want to add a border radius to this so we'll see a border
dash radius so we're going to set it to 50 percent and save.
And now you'll see that it's a circular image.
Now the last thing I want to do is make this heading bigger because right now I have it as an H1 which
is the biggest heading and I still want the text bigger.
So I'm going to add a class to it and I'm going to call this L dash heading.
So we'll call the wheel so we'll do large heading and we'll use this as a utility because we can use
it on other headings as well.
So let's go up here and see we'll go right under the clear right here and say dot l dash heading and
I'm just going to set the font size to let's do 40 pixels and save.
And there we go.
Now the text is bigger.
So let's move on to the next section which is going to be the testimonials.
And since we have the clear I mean we have the floats here.
We have to clear them so we're going to add a class of clear which we already have in our C Ss and then
we'll add our section with the idea of testimonials.
And I'm also going to have a class here of P Y three because I want to add padding here as well.
Then we want our container so you can see the you can see the pattern here.
It's just sections stacked on top of each other and then we have our container to move the content in
the middle if we want some kind of background image or something we put it on the section which I'm
actually gonna do so inside the testimonials.
Let's see we're going to have a heading.
Let's do an H two but I'm also gonna give this a class of L dash heading because I want it to be large
and we'll say what our guests say.
OK so those are H two.
Let's add a testimonial so basically we're gonna have two testimonials here and we're gonna give them
a class of testimonial and also big primary because we wanted that we want them to have this tan background
so let's do a class of testimonial
and inside the testimonial we're gonna have the image of the person.
So this is going to go to slash image and then let's check person 1 dot j peg for the all time and we'll
just give her a name we'll say Samantha and then under the image is the testimonial so it'll be a paragraph
and let's do Lorem 40
so that's one testimonial.
And I'm gonna give the div here also a class of BJP primary which will give it that color that background
color.
And then we can just copy this whole div the whole testimonial and go on to the next round here and
just change the image to Person 2 and we'll change the name is it.
They both female.
Yeah.
So we'll just change the name to.
I don't know Jen.
So let's save and take a look.
OK so it doesn't look too good.
So let's go ahead and add some C Ss so right below the where we did the about stuff.
Let's do I.D. testimonials and I want the height to be six hundred pixels.
And let's give it a background image of let's do you are Al it's gonna be outside of the CSF folder
into the images folder and then into and then we want to test Fiji.
K We don't want it to repeat we'll do center center slash cover.
We want the whole image to show and then let's add let's do a padding top of 40 pixels just to push
that as the heading and all this stuff down right here.
All right.
So this is the testimonials.
Six hundred pixels area.
And as you can see everything is is busting out and it's because of the size of the images.
So I'm going to grab those images so let's say testimonial.
And then each one of those testimonials has a class of testimonial and then I'm going to grab onto the
image and I'm going to give it.
Let's see.
Let's do a width of one hundred pixels and save Wait a minute up this should be testimonials.
OK so now that the images are smaller it doesn't bust out of its container anymore so let's see.
Let's let's do this.
Let's start from here and go down.
So this H to what's needed to I believe
say testimonials dot want to target the H two.
And we're gonna set the color to white.
And let's let's align it to the center.
So text align center and let's do padding bottom 40 pixels
why isn't that.
Or oh I put it so I put this testimonial attack and this H two is not within either of these divs and
these divs have the classic testimonial.
So this is wrong.
We just want that there we go.
OK so let's see.
So for the testimonial Div I want to add some styles for that so I'm going to copy this because that
one's for the image.
This is for the actual div.
I'm going to set some padding to 20 pixels.
Let's do some margin bottom just to push.
Push them down.
And if we added more testimonials with the debt with a div with the class of testimonial this would
apply to those as well.
So it's the margin bottom 40 pixels let's do over.
Actually I'll do that after let's save that.
And then I want this the image to float to the left.
OK.
And we don't have to make the text float to the right.
It'll automatically push the text over.
So in the image let's say float left and save.
OK.
Now the images float to the left and it's right up against the edge though.
So I'm going to add some margin right to the image to push the text over.
So margin right to 20 pixels push the text over.
Let's also make the image rounded so add a border radius of 15 percent.
And there we go.
That looks pretty good.
Let's see for the testimonial itself.
Let's give that let's could do us a little bit of a rounded corner here.
So the testimonial class I'll do border dash radius.
Let's do five pixels.
So it has a little bit of a rounded corner and then I want it to be a little bit see through.
So in CSX we have a property called opacity where we can make the the element opaque so basically transparent
and we can add a value from 0 2 0 to 1 where 1 is is what it is now.
Not see through at all.
And zero is completely transparent.
So basically the higher the the the less transparent.
So I want to do zero point nine because I want it to be barely transparent.
So right here for our testimonial div let's do opacity zero point nine and save.
And you can see you can barely see through it.
If I do zero point five and save now you can really see through it.
But the problem here is when you have when you add opacity to a div like this it also makes everything
within it opaque.
So even the text we can't really read the image we can see through and that's not really what we want
even if we wanted the background to be really see through like this really transparent and we wanted
the text to be really readable we would have to do something different we'd have to add another element
and then make just the background see through.
So basically we'd have to add an overlay and I'm going to show you how to do that later on.
Now right now if you want it to be just a little bit see through then you could add it to the whole
div like we are now because it's it's such a small amount that the text is still readable the image
you can still see the image.
But at the same time it's still a little opaque.
OK so I'll show you how to do an overlay later on.
So I think that's it.
Yeah that looks pretty good.
Let's see.
Let's compare it with that.
Yeah.
So that's good.
Wait why is it that I missed some padding.
I think I did see
testimony.
Oh I had.
You know what.
I had one hundred pixels padding on the top.
There we go.
OK.
So that's our ball page.
It's nothing.
I mean there's not a ton of content but I think it looks pretty good.
I think the home page looks pretty good.
So especially if this is your first Web site in the next video we're going to start on the contact page
which just has a form.
We have some icons and and that should be it.
All right.
So I'll see you in the next one.